Directory Structure
--------------------

    .
    ├── config  <- any configuration files, parameters and output results
    ├── data
    │   ├── 01_raw <- original unmodified data acting as source of truth and provenance
    │   ├── 02_interim <- data in intermediate processing stage
    │   ├── 03_processed <- data after all preprocessing has been done
    │   ├── 04_models <- compiled model .pkl or HDFS or .pb format
    │   ├── 05_model_output <- output model
    │   ├── 06_reporting <- data for reporting   
    │   └── 07_predictions <- predictions output data
    ├── notebooks <- jupyter notebooks for exploratory analysis and explanation "date-cs-title.ipynb"
    ├── references  <- usage documentation or reference papers
    ├── results <- generated project artefacts eg. visualisations or tables
    └── src - scripts for processing data eg. transformations, dataset merges etc.
    │   ├── d01_raw <- original unmodified data acting as source of truth and provenance
    │   ├── d02_interim <- data in intermediate processing stage
    │   ├── d03_processed <- data after all preprocessing has been done
    │   ├── d04_models <- scripts for generating models
    │   ├── d05_model_output <- output model
    │   ├── d06_reporting <- data for reporting
    │   ├── d07_visualization <- scripts for visualisation during EDA, modelling, error analysis etc. 
    │   ├── d08_predictions <- predictions output data 
    │   └── tools <- general tools
    ├── LICENSE
    ├── README.md
    |--- requirements.txt <- file with libraries and library versions for recreating the analysis environment
   
   ---
   # Retail Store Markov Chains
## Overview

This project is a solution to the business problem of offering customers relevant bundles that align with their purchasing patterns. This not only increases the likelihood of additional sales but also enhances the overall customer experience by providing tailored product recommendations

## Motivation
Want to compare the top products sales rankings to the list generated by using Markov Chains based on the order patterns we observe.

## Algorithm

1. Build Transistion Matrix
2. Evaluate Steady State of Markov Chain Model
3. Rank Products to Build bundles of products bought together

## Usage

To use the project, you will need to have a sample data file in the same directory as the project code. The sample data file should be order_products.csv and products.csv file with the following columns:

products
    product_id
    product_name

order_products
	order_id
    product_id
    add_to_cart_order
    reordered

## Result 
Based on both rankings markov chains model and from the initial counts of sales they shown to be the same list. I was expecting the ranking of products to be different, however given that this is smaller dataset the results might change with the extended dataset.

Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

License

The project is licensed under the MIT License.

I hope this is helpful!